[Music]
play dr. Michael Holt he is a very
successful doctor who runs into his
ex-wife Anna why huh what the hell are
you doing here
my character feels like it came at the
perfect time and then you find out after
he goes and searches out for her that
she has died Thank You Fernando in a
poll please I'm sorry doctor home doctor
Paul passed away two weeks ago da hole
Anna is actually a spirit and Michael is
the only person who can see her or hear
her he is trying desperately to figure
out how this woman came back in his life
and if she is dead then did he dream her
did he imagine her is there something
wrong with him
is he crazy you know what no no no no
this is a cosmic gift Michael her spirit
has attached herself to him and she's
attempting to use him to find closure I
need your help a lot of people depended
on me I'm sure my staff are completely
derailed if they can get into my
computer that they'll figure it out
my passwords the same it's always been
my Mike my my Katie do this once
the tracks as a psychological thriller
it also tracks says a beautiful
compelling scary supernatural love story
how'd it go huh
what are you did you open the fire
you can't just uh oh sorry I heard your
voice and I thought you were talking to
me nope
love transcends and I think that's what
this story is why can't I be the one
thing in life you don't understand and
you have always been the one thing in
life I don't understand
[Music]
you